= Installing
:product-author: Red Hat OpenShift Documentation Team
:product-title: OpenShift Container Platform
:product-version: 4.14
:openshift-enterprise:
:imagesdir: images
:idseparator: -

include::index.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::installing-preparing.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::cluster-capabilities.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Disconnected installation mirroring
include::disconnected_install/index.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-creating-registry.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on Alibaba
include::installing_alibaba/preparing-to-install-on-alibaba.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/manually-creating-alibaba-ram.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/installing-alibaba-default.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/installing-alibaba-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/installing-alibaba-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/installing-alibaba-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/installation-config-parameters-alibaba.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_alibaba/uninstall-cluster-alibaba.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on AWS
include::installing_aws/preparing-to-install-on-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-default.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-restricted-networks-aws-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-private.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-government-region.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-secret-region.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-china.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-user-infra.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-localzone.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-restricted-networks-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-outposts-remote-workers.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installing-aws-three-node.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/uninstalling-cluster-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on Azure
include::installing_azure/preparing-to-install-on-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/enabling-user-managed-encryption-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-default.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-vnet.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-private.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-government-region.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-restricted-networks-azure-user-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-user-infra.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-restricted-networks-azure-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installing-azure-three-node.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/uninstalling-cluster-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure/installation-config-parameters-azure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on Azure Stack Hub
include::installing_azure_stack_hub/preparing-to-install-on-azure-stack-hub.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/installing-azure-stack-hub-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/installing-azure-stack-hub-default.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/installing-azure-stack-hub-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/installing-azure-stack-hub-user-infra.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/installation-config-parameters-ash.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_azure_stack_hub/uninstalling-cluster-azure-stack-hub.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on GCP
include::installing_gcp/preparing-to-install-on-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-default.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-restricted-networks-gcp-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-shared-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-private.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-user-infra.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-user-infra-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-restricted-networks-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installing-gcp-three-node.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/installation-config-parameters-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_gcp/uninstalling-cluster-gcp.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on IBM Cloud
include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/preparing-to-install-on-ibm-cloud.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-account.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/configuring-iam-ibm-cloud.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/user-managed-encryption-ibm-cloud.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-private.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installing-ibm-cloud-restricted.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/installation-config-parameters-ibm-cloud-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud_public/uninstalling-cluster-ibm-cloud.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on Nutanix
include::installing_nutanix/preparing-to-install-on-nutanix.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/nutanix-failure-domains.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/installing-nutanix-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/installing-restricted-networks-nutanix-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/installing-nutanix-three-node.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/uninstalling-cluster-nutanix.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_nutanix/installation-config-parameters-nutanix.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on bare metal
include::installing_bare_metal/preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal/installing-restricted-networks-bare-metal.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal/scaling-a-user-provisioned-cluster-with-the-bare-metal-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal/installation-config-parameters-bare-metal.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on-premise with Assisted Installer
include::installing_on_prem_assisted/installing-on-prem-assisted.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing an on-premise cluster with the Agent-based Installer
include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/preparing-to-install-with-agent-based-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/understanding-disconnected-installation-mirroring.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/installing-with-agent-based-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/prepare-pxe-assets-agent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/preparing-an-agent-based-installed-cluster-for-mce.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_with_agent_based_installer/installation-config-parameters-agent.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on a single node
include::installing_sno/install-sno-preparing-to-install-sno.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_sno/install-sno-installing-sno.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Deploying installer-provisioned clusters on bare metal
include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-prerequisites.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-installation-workflow.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-post-installation-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-expanding-the-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-troubleshooting.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing IBM Cloud Bare Metal (Classic)
include::installing_ibm_cloud/install-ibm-cloud-prerequisites.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_cloud/install-ibm-cloud-installation-workflow.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on IBM Z and IBM LinuxONE
include::installing_ibm_z/preparing-to-install-on-ibm-z.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-kvm.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z-kvm.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-lpar.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z-lpar.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_z/installation-config-parameters-ibm-z.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on IBM Power
include::installing_ibm_power/preparing-to-install-on-ibm-power.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_power/installing-ibm-power.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_power/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-power.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_power/installation-config-parameters-ibm-power.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on IBM Power Virtual Server
include::installing_ibm_powervs/preparing-to-install-on-ibm-power-vs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installing-ibm-cloud-account-power-vs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/creating-ibm-power-vs-workspace.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installing-ibm-power-vs-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installing-ibm-powervs-vpc.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installing-ibm-power-vs-private-cluster.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-power-vs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/uninstalling-cluster-ibm-power-vs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_ibm_powervs/installation-config-parameters-ibm-power-vs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on OpenStack
include::installing_openstack/preparing-to-install-on-openstack.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installing-openstack-nfv-preparing.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installing-openstack-installer-custom.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installing-openstack-user.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installing-openstack-installer-restricted.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installing-openstack-cloud-config-reference.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/uninstalling-cluster-openstack.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/uninstalling-openstack-user.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_openstack/installation-config-parameters-openstack.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on vSphere
include::installing_vsphere/preparing-to-install-on-vsphere.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

=== Installer-provisioned infrastructure
include::installing_vsphere/ipi/ipi-vsphere-installation-reqs.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/ipi/ipi-vsphere-preparing-to-install.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-restricted-networks-installer-provisioned-vsphere.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

=== User-provisioned infrastructure
include::installing_vsphere/upi/upi-vsphere-installation-reqs.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/upi/upi-vsphere-preparing-to-install.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/upi/installing-vsphere.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/upi/installing-vsphere-network-customizations.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/upi/installing-restricted-networks-vsphere.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-assisted-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-agent-based-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere-three-node.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_vsphere/uninstalling-cluster-vsphere-installer-provisioned.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_vsphere/using-vsphere-problem-detector-operator.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::installing_vsphere/installation-config-parameters-vsphere.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing on any platform
include::installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installation configuration
include::install_config/installing-customizing.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::install_config/configuring-firewall.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::install_config/enabling-cgroup-v1.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::validating-an-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::installing-troubleshooting.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::installing-fips.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
